docs: include error handling flow in readme (#116)
input-output-hk/atala-prism-mediator: README.md

- [TODO] `MediatorCoordination 3.0` - https://didcomm.org/mediator-coordination/3.0
- [DONE] `Pickup 3` - https://didcomm.org/pickup/3.0 [ with exclusion of When the delivery request  (https://didcomm.org/messagepickup/3.0/delivery-request)  is made, but there are no messages currently available to be sent,  No status message is sent immediately, Instead you can check the the status of message using the status request https://didcomm.org/messagepickup/3.0/status-request]
- [DONE] `TrustPing 2.0` - https://didcomm.org/trust-ping/2.0/
- [DONE] `Report Problem 2.0` https://didcomm.org/report-problem/2.0/

# Pre-reqs

> To build and run this mediator locally you will need a few things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build and run this mediator locally, you will need a few things:
```

- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- Install [SBT](https://www.scala-sbt.org/download.html)

# Getting started

> This DIDComm Mediator is composed of two elements, a backend service, and a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This DIDComm Mediator comprises two elements: a backend service and a database.
```

> The backend service is a JVM application and the database used is MongoDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backend service is a JVM application, and the database used is MongoDB.
```

> The backend service is also a web service that has a single-page application that will give the final user an invitation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backend service is also a web service with a single-page application that will give the final user an invitation page.
```

- Clone the repository
```
git clone git@github.com:input-output-hk/atala-prism-mediator.git
```
```
shell> cd atala-prism-mediator
shell> docker-compose up mongo 
```

> In the another shell from the project root directory `atala-prism-mediator`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In another shell from the project root directory `atala-prism-mediator`
```

```
shell> sbt
sbt> mediator/reStart
```
By default mediator will start on port 8080

You can open the `http://localhost:8080/` URL in a web browser, and it will show a QR code that serves as an out-of-band invitation for the Mediator.

## How to run mediator as docker image
# Docker only

> Everything can be run with a single command with Docker compose docker-compose.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to run everything with a single command with Docker compose docker-compose.yml
```

> The latest stable image version can also be downloaded from the IOHK repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest stable image version is available in the IOHK repositories.
```

> To build to docker image locally run  NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider sbt docker:publishLocal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a docker image locally, run NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider sbt docker:publishLocal.
```

# identity
To set up the mediator identity:
- `KEY_AGREEMENT_D` - is the key agreement private key (MUST be a X25519 OKP key type).
- `KEY_AGREEMENT_X` - is the key agreement public key (MUST be a X25519 OKP key type).
- `KEY_AUTHENTICATION_D` - is the key authentication private key (MUST be an Ed25519 OKP key type).
- `KEY_AUTHENTICATION_X` - is the key authentication public key (MUST be an Ed25519 OKP key type).
- `SERVICE_ENDPOINT` - is the endpoint of the mediator. Where the mediator will be listening to incoming DID Comm messages.

# mediator-storage
To set up the mediator storage (MongoDB):
- `MONGODB_PROTOCOL` - is the protocol type used by mongo.
- `MONGODB_HOST` - is the endpoint where the MongoDB will be listening.
- `MONGODB_PORT` - is the endpoint's port where the MongoDB will be listening.
- `MONGODB_USER` - is the username used by the Mediator service to connect to the database.
- `MONGODB_PASSWORD` - is the password used by the Mediator service to connect to the database.
- `MONGODB_DB_NAME` - is the name of the database used by the Mediator.

### MongoDB In cloud

> Using the mongodb from cloud like MongoDB Atlas.

Reviewer: This is slightly unclear; I believe the intention is something like this maybe?
Use the mongodb from the cloud, similar MongoDB Atlas.

Reviewer 2: @petevielhaber This is if a user wants to use MongoDB from the cloud instead of running in MongoDB as a docker 

Running MongoDB in a production environment might involve setting up the cluster and having backup requirements etc, they can use the cloud version which is a managed service for MongoDB and Atlas in one of the e.g. 
Hope that helps Let me know if that helps
